The Witch (stylized onscreen as The VVitch: A New England Folktale) is a 2015 American-Canadian period supernatural horror film written and directed by Robert Eggers in his feature directorial debut. The film stars Anya Taylor-Joy, Ralph Ineson, Kate Dickie, Harvey Scrimshaw, Ellie Grainger and Lucas Dawson. The Witch follows a Puritan family encountering forces of evil in the woods beyond their New England farm, forces that may be either real or imagined.[6]

An international co-production of the United States and Canada, the film premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival on January 27, 2015 and was widely released by A24 on February 19, 2016. The film received positive reviews and was a box office success, grossing $40 million against a budget of $4 million.[5]
n 1650s New England, English settler William and his family — wife Katherine, daughter Thomasin, son Caleb, and fraternal twins Mercy and Jonas — are banished from a Puritan Plymouth Colony over a religious dispute. The family build a farm near a large, secluded forest and Katherine has a newborn child, Samuel. One day, Thomasin is playing peekaboo with Samuel when the baby abruptly disappears and it is soon revealed that a witch has stolen the unbaptized Samuel, killing him and using his remains to make a flying ointment.[6]

Katherine, devastated by Samuel's disappearance, spends her days crying and praying. While hunting with William, Caleb asks if Samuel's unbaptized soul will reach Heaven. William denies Caleb for raising the question and later reveals to Caleb that he traded Katherine's silver cup for hunting supplies. That night, Katherine questions Thomasin about the disappearance of her cup and suspects her to be responsible for Samuel's abduction. After the children retire to bed, they overhear their parents discussing sending Thomasin away to serve another family.

Early the next morning, Thomasin finds Caleb preparing to check a trap in the forest and forces him to take her with him by threatening to awaken their parents. In the woods, the two spot a hare, which sends their horse into a panic and their dog Fowler promptly chases. Caleb pursues, while the horse throws Thomasin off, knocking her unconscious. Caleb becomes lost in the woods and stumbles upon Fowler's disemboweled body. Deep in the woods, he comes across a hovel, where a beautiful young woman emerges and seduces him. William finds Thomasin and takes her home where Katherine angrily chastises Thomasin for taking Caleb into the woods before William reluctantly admits that he sold Katherine's cup.

Caleb is found outdoors in the rain that night, naked and delirious from an unknown illness. When he awakens the next day, Caleb expels a bloody apple from his mouth; Katherine believes it to be witchcraft. Caleb passionately proclaims his love to Christ before he dies. The twins then accuse Thomasin of witchcraft and, in retaliation, Thomasin reveals to the parents that the twins have had conversations with Black Phillip, the family's billy goat. Enraged, William boards both Thomasin and the twins inside the goat house. That night, the three children awake to find an old woman drinking milk from the goats. Katherine awakens to see Caleb holding Samuel, whom she takes and begins "breastfeeding".

The next day William wakes to find the stable destroyed, the goats eviscerated, the twins missing and an unconscious Thomasin lying nearby with blood-stained hands. As Thomasin awakens, Black Phillip gores William before her eyes. An unhinged Katherine, who now blames Thomasin for the tragedies that have beset the family, attacks Thomasin, who stabs her mother to death in self-defense.

Alone, Thomasin enters the stable and urges Black Phillip to speak to her. The goat responds by asking if Thomasin would like to "live deliciously" and materializes into a tall, black-clad man. Black Phillip orders Thomasin to remove her clothes and to sign her name in a book that appears before her. Thomasin follows Black Phillip into the forest, where she joins a coven of witches holding a Witches' Sabbath around a bonfire. The coven begins to levitate and a laughing Thomasin joins them, ascending above the trees.